So what'll it be?
Are you going to fight too?
I'll pass.
My magic skill is just about to hit 900.
I'd rather avoid the death penalty.
You're an honest guy.
And what about you, miss?
I'm finished too.
Next time, I'll be sure to settle the score.
I wouldn't want to face you one-on-one either.
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
Seeking but a miracle,
kiseki dake wo motome
I wander in the unrelenting darkness
kienai yami wo samayou
If I remain here, I'll only be trapped in the present.
doko ni ireba nidoto mirai miru koto dekinai
The moon beckons again tonight,
koyoi mo tsuki ga sasotte
and while I still can't voice my feelings,
mada kotoba dasenai kedo
I continue to scream inside my heart.
kokoro no naka sakebitsuzuketa
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
If only I could have become a little bit stronger,
ato honno sukoshi dake tsuyoku nareta nara
I would have flown far above these skies
me no mae ni aru kono sora koete yuku kara
and reached out to the future beyond here.
kono saki ni aru mirai ni te wo nobasu kara
Hey, what's with these flames?
Shush, they're Remain Lights.
They're still conscious of their surroundings.
So, what should I do now?
Thank you? Run away?
Or perhaps, fight you?
Well, I was expecting a "valiant knight saved the princess" kind of scene.
Huh?
With you running into my arms
shedding tears of relief, for example.
Are you retarded?!
It was just a joke.
Of course!
That would be unacceptable!
Hey! I told you not to come out—
The only people who are allowed to cling to Papa are Mama and me!
P-Papa?!
Oh, well, y'see...
Say, is that one of those "private pixies"?
Y-Yeah. Something along those lines.
Okay, that aside,
why is a Spriggan like you wandering around here?
I-I got lost.
Isn't your territory all the way in the east?
Your sense of direction is unbelievably bad.
You're such a weirdo.
Well, at any rate, you have my thanks.
Thanks for saving me.
My name's Leafa.
I'm Kirito.
And this is Yui.
Say, Kirito...-kun,
what are you going to do now?
If you'd like, um...
I'll treat you to a drink as thanks.
Well?
That sounds great!
I was actually looking for someone who could help answer a few questions.
Like what?
Things about this world.
And that tree in particular.
That tree?
You mean Yggdrasil?
Sure.
I may not look it, but I've been around for a while.
Okay, it's a bit far,
but there's a neutral village north of here, so let's fly over there.
Huh?
But isn't the town called Swilvane closer?
You really don't know anything, do you?
That's Sylph territory.
So?
Inside their territory, you won't be able to attack them,
while they're free to attack you.
But it's not like they're all going to attack me on sight, right?
And I have you with me, Leafa-san.
Just call me "Leafa."
If you insist, I don't mind,
but I can't guarantee your safety.
All right, let's go.
Huh?
Leafa, you don't need to use the support controller to fly?
Nope.
What about you?
I just got the hang of using this a little while ago, so...
Well, flying without one is a bit tricky.
Turn around without taking out the controller.
O-Okay.
Feel the spot where I'm touching?
Yeah.
Imagine that there are virtual bones and muscles spreading out from here
and try to move them.
Virtual bones and muscles...
Yeah, you got it!
Just like that.
Now do the same thing, but with bigger movements.
Oh no!
Papa!
Kirito-kun, you okay?
Make it stop!
I'm sorry, Papa!
It's too funny.
This is great.
I know, right?
Looks like you have a knack for this.
Now then, follow me.
Okay.
We can take it slow at first.
Feel free to pick up the pace.
Is this the fastest you can go?
You asked for it.
I can't go on...
You just might be the first person who can keep up with me.
We're here.
We'll land at the base of the central tower.
Kirito-kun, do you know how to land?
No, I don't...
Um...
Sorry!
It's too late.
I wish you luck.
Y-You're kidding me!
What the...?
That was cruel, Leafa.
Sorry. I'll heal you.
Wow, so this is magic?
You can't use high-level healing magic unless you're an Undine,
but it's an indispensable spell, so you should learn it.
So there are race-specific bonuses?
What are Spriggans good at?
Treasure hunting and illusion magic, I guess.
But neither of them are any help in battle.
So this is a Sylph town.
It's a beautiful place.
Right?
Leafa-chan!
Are you okay?
Oh, Recon.
I knew you'd make it, Leafa-chan.
What?!
A Spriggan?!
Oh, don't mind him.
He's the one who saved me.
This is Recon,
my friend.
Hi there,
I'm Kirito.
Oh, nice to meet you.
No.
No, no, no!
That's not right.
You sure about this?
He could be a spy or something.
No need to worry.
He's too much of an airhead to be a spy, after all.
Wow, that's harsh.
Sigurd and the others are saving you a seat at the usual bar.
Oh, I see.
I'll pass for today.
Huh?
You're not coming?
Sorry,
but I owe Kirito-kun a drink for saving me.
Well then, see you around.
H-Hey, wait...
Leafa-chan...
Was that guy your boyfriend?
Is he your lover?
Huh? N-No way!
He's just someone I'm partying with.
You two seem pretty close though.
He's someone I know in real life.
We're in the same grade at school
but that's all.
Well, moving on,
thanks for saving me.
Those guys were seriously aggressive.
Are group PK hunts like that common?
Well, Salamanders and Sylphs have bad relations to begin with.
But organized PKs like that one have only started to happen recently.
I'm pretty sure they're aiming to reach the pinnacle of Yggdrasil in the near future.
About that,
I'd like you to tell me everything you know about Yggdrasil.
Oh right, you mentioned that earlier, didn't you?
But why?
I want to get to the top of it.
I think that goes for just about any player.
After all, it's ALO's grand quest.
Meaning?
You know how there's a flight duration limit, right?
No matter the race, ten minutes is the limit for continuous flight.
However,
the first race to reach the Floating City above Yggdrasil
and have an audience with Oberon, the Fairy King,
can be reborn as a more advanced race called Alf.
Then, they'll be able to fly freely in the sky for as long as they want.
I see.
That does sound pretty appealing.
So how can someone get to the top of Yggdrasil?
There's a large dome at its base
and you can reach the Floating City from there,
but the NPCs guarding the dome are ridiculously powerful.
Really?
Do you think it makes sense for there to be
a quest that hasn't been cleared,
even a year after the game started?
Either a key quest was overlooked
or it's designed to be impossible to
overcome at the hands of a single race.
Oh?
You have good intuition.
Everyone's checking to see if there's a quest that's been overlooked.
But if it's the latter, we'd have to give up.
Give up?
I mean, it'd be contradictory.
Why would you cooperate with another race to clear a quest
that only one race could benefit from?
So, is it actually impossible to
ascend to the top of Yggdrasil?
That's what I think.
But it's still hard to give up on it,
especially after you experience the thrill of flying,
Even if it takes years, I'm sure—
It'd be too late then!
Papa?
Sorry.
But I really have to get to the top of Yggdrasil.
Why's that?
I'm looking for someone.
What do you mean?
It's hard to explain.
Thanks, Leafa.
The information you've given me will come in handy.
Wait.
Are you planning to go to Yggdrasil?
Yeah,
I have to see it for myself.
That's reckless...
It's really far away,
and there'll be a ton of strong monsters along the way.
Sure, you're strong too, but...
Fine, I'll take you there then!
But I can't make someone I just met do so much for me.
Do you know how to get to Yggdrasil?
How are you planning to pass the guardians?
I'll figure it out somehow.
It's fine.
I've made up my mind already.
Fine.
Um...
Can you log in tomorrow?
Uh, sure.
Then we'll meet here at 3 PM.
I have to go now.
Um, when you need to log out, use a room upstairs.
Okay, I'll see you tomorrow.
Oh, wait!
Thanks.
Fine, I'll take you there then!
He sure was a weird guy.
Kirito-kun, huh?
We won't get to see each other until tomorrow, huh, Papa?
I'll be back real soon, Yui.
Um...
Can I sleep with you
until you log out?
Y-Yeah.
Go ahead.
Let's rescue Asuna quickly
and buy another house somewhere.
That would be a dream come true.
Living together with Papa and Mama again...
It's not just a dream.
I'll make it a reality soon enough.
Good night, Papa.
That expression is simply exquisite, Titania.
Your face when you're at the brink of bursting into tears, that is.
I'm tempted to capture it and put it on display.
Then why don't you do just that?
You can do whatever you want here, right?
You're a system administrator, after all.
I see you're as cold as always.
Has there ever been a time
when I put my hands on you against your will, Titania?
Stop calling me by that weird name.
I'm Asuna, Sugou-san.
You're no fun.
In this world, I'm the Fairy King, Oberon!
The ruler of Alfheim that all the players look up to in envy.
And you are my empress, Queen Titania.
Why not just play along?
I truly wonder when you'll willingly accept me as your companion.
You're wasting your time.
All I have for you is disdain and loathing.
Nothing more.
Honestly, you're quite strong-willed.
But you know...
Lately, I've somehow
come to think it might be rather fun to
take you by force.
Stop it...
I'm just joking.
Remember?
I said I wouldn't be forceful.
Besides, soon enough
you'll be the one coming after me.
Are you sane?
Let's see how long you'll be able to keep up that attitude yours.
In this world,
even as we speak, there are thousands of players enjoying the game.
But the thing is,
they remain ignorant of the true value of the Full-Dive System—
that by stimulating the limbic system of the brain,
it might be possible to manipulate thoughts, emotions, and even memories.
What...
There's no way you could get away with—
Who can stop me?
Research on the topic has already begun in multiple countries.
Even so,
experimenting on humans would result in legal and ethical issues.
But then one day, as I was watching the news,
I saw it.
As many as ten thousand test subjects!
Kayaba-senpai was a genius, but also a real fool.
He built something with such great capability,
yet was satisfied with just the
creation of a mere game world.
It wasn't hard to use a router
to capture a portion of the players
as they were being freed from the game.
As a result,
three hundred test subjects fell into my possession.
In just two months, my research has made great progress.
The technology to inject new
information into human memories
and direct the emotions related to them
is nearly complete.
Quit spouting nonsense.
Father would never allow such research!
The research is
secretly being carried out by a small team and myself.
Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to market it.
Market?
There's an American corporation that's eagerly awaiting the research's completion.
I'm going to sell it to them for a hefty sum.
And RCT in its entirety eventually.
I won't let that happen.
The moment I return to the real world,
I'll expose all your crimes for what they are.
Just so you know, you're in the same position as the other test subjects.
If I wanted to,
I'd be able to alter your memories as well.
I'll be right there.
Wait for my orders.
But still,
I don't want to reduce you to a mere doll.
I hope that the next time we meet you'll be...
a little more docile,
Titania.
Now then, farewell.
Save me, Kirito-kun...
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara
My endless feelings are lost
tomedonai omoi wa
in these ordinary days.
nichijou ni nomarete
They waver and change shape yet again.
yurameki nagara mata katachi wo kaeteitta
I wonder if I'm too late,
imasara mou osoi kana
but there's no answer in sight.
henji mo nai jimonjitou
Every decision is up to me,
subete wa sou jibun shidai
whether it's the beginning or the end.
owari mo hajimari mo
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands.
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
Flying towards the gentle light, I flap my wings.
yasashii hikari wo mezashite habatakuyo
I embrace the passion
kokoro ni tomoshita
that flared up in my heart
jounetsu mo daite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara